Form AM 10-7 (October 2012)

FORM AM 10-7:
Procurement Notice/Advertisement
Open International Competition (OIC)
Country of Destination: Myanmar
Reference Number: YGN/ED/ESPIG/RFP/2025/04
Description: Call for Proposal – Y3 E-learning Courses Development for Myanmar
Teacher Platform
Deadline for Submission of Sealed Tenders: 14 July 2025
Posting Date: 13 June 2025

United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) hereby
invite qualified organizations to submit the call for proposal as follows:
I.

Objective

The objective of this ‘Call for Proposal’ is to develop a digitized curriculum for Year 3
Primary and Middle track courses on six subjects respectively with subject content,
pedagogy and assessment integrated into the course components.
•
•
•
II.

Extract main content and concepts from existing Year 3 Primary and Middle
Track curriculum materials.
Develop interactive online course content including descriptions, engaging
learning activities, quizzes, and assessments.
Create videos including scripts with a maximum length of 5-6 minutes.
Work Assignment:

Under the overall authority of the Regional Director of UNESCO Regional Office in
Bangkok, the direct supervision of the Head of UNESCO Antenna Office in Yangon
and in close collaboration with Education unit, the following tasks to be carried out:
1.

Desk Review and Course Content Mapping
a) Conduct a comprehensive desk review of pre-service teacher education
curriculum (Year 3 subjects, including syllabus, student-teacher textbooks
(TBs), teacher educator guides (TGs), and handbooks, Teacher
Competency Standards Framework (TCSF) for beginning teachers, get
familiar with these materials but not limited to other reference materials
and utilize them in developing online course materials, by ensuring well
aligned online course materials which can fulfil the learning needs of
educators and local partners in Myanmar;
b) Review existing curriculum and pedagogy: pre-service teacher education
online courses available on the Myanmar Teacher Platform (MTP) to
understand
the pedagogy thoroughly, instructional strategies and
assessment practices introduced in Year 1 and 2, and apply these
Issued: October 2012 BFM/FPC

-2concepts in the creation of corresponding online courses to ensure wellaligned course materials;
c) Conduct further research to ensure the online materials in terms of
overarching concepts, content, learning activities, teaching and learning
strategies and assessment approaches, are contextualized to meet the
needs of educators and local partners in Myanmar. Ensure to reflect the
international standards and trends, including mainstreaming inclusion and
equity, gender, culturally responsive teaching approaches, Mother
Tongue–Based (MTB) teaching approaches, educational management
and leadership skills and assessment and feedback approaches in writing
the courses;
d) Identify and extract key concepts, themes and learning objectives.
Organize the course contents into coherent modules;
2.

Online Course Development
1. Develop (12) online courses in the Myanmar language and each composed of
multiple modules that include lectures, quizzes, assessments, review
questions and reflections. To accommodate different learning styles, lecture
content to be presented in various formats, including audio/podcasts, videos,
storyboards, real life examples and visual aids such as infographics,
illustrations, cartoons and images etc. Additionally, the interactive features
available on MTP must be incorporated when designing lecture components
into engaging, interactive content. See below for the detailed outline of these
online courses:
a) Mastering Teaching Local Curriculum at the Primary School
b) Mastering Teaching Local Curriculum at the Middle School
c) Mastering Teaching ICT at the Primary School
d) Mastering Teaching ICT at the Middle School
e) Mastering Teaching Life Skills at the Primary School
f)

Mastering Teaching Life Skills at the Middle School

g) Mastering Teaching Morality and Civics at the Primary School
h) Mastering Teaching Morality and Civics at the Middle School
i)

Mastering Teaching Art at the Primary School

j)

Mastering Teaching Art at the Middle School

k) Mastering Teaching Physical Education at the Primary School
l)

Mastering Teaching Physical Education at the Middle School

2. Develop and draw the scripts and create videos for each subject, each script
designed for a video lesson of approximately 6 minutes in length. Each script
should include detailed visual suggestions such as illustrations, infographics
and other relevant visual aids to enhance the content.

-33. Share the draft contents and scripts with UNESCO for review and incorporate
feedback, adjusting course content, instructional methods or content clarity as
needed.
4. Ensure all the course contents are compatible with the Myanmar Teacher
Platform’s technical infrastructure.
5. Organise a regular meeting with UNESCO team and technical experts to
understand the concept and scope of the educational courses. Deliver
accurate data and course contents, scripts and videos required for the elearning course creation process;
6. Based on created content and scripts and aligning with desired objectives
and primary target audience, propose a creative concept and prepare an
outline for the visual product. Finalize the concept on the basis of feedback
received from UNESCO;
7. Ensure that the video is in full compliance with the international copyrights
policy to avoid any illegal consequence as outline in the “General Terms and
Conditions” which will be annexed in the contract;
8. Submit the first round of courses, scripts and videos in HD and SD format to
UNESCO for further review and feedback;
9. Incorporate suggested changes and finalize the courses as needed;
10. Submit ready-to-publish course booklet and MP4 file (HD and SD format) and
the editable source/master file (including video graphic files) of videos for
archiving; and
11. Propose course content, script, and visuals once the content and script have
been validated by UNESCO. Revise and resubmit as necessary based on
feedback received from UNESCO;
a) Avoid including maps (Global, Regional, National) that could be
politically sensitive or that could affect the legal status of any
country, territory, city, area and/or its authorities and/or the
delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries;
b) Be sensitive on the issues in the context of Myanmar such as
socio-cultural differences political sensitivity. Recommend for
addressing these issues properly.
12. Strictly meet the deadline as committed.

3.

Follow the requirements of the manuals, guidelines and intellectual
property rights:
a. Ensure that the online course comply with the UNESCO Style Manual (2004
version available at https://unesdoc.unesco.org/ark:/48223/pf0000141812)
such as terminology, abbreviations, acronyms and format of footnotes, etc.
b. Streamline UNESCO’s gender strategy, ensure the Guidelines on GenderNeutral Language is applied throughout the online course
(https://unesdoc.unesco.org/ark:/48223/pf0000377299).
c. Use standard video editing software most suitable for the production and
finalize in the later stages of development. Recommended software
includes Adobe Premiere Pro and Final Cut Pro;

-4d. Secure the intellectual property rights using Grant of Rights form when any
photo, illustration, music and icon is used as part of video and is not
provided by UNESCO; Propose a choice of potential narrators for
UNESCO’s selection (preferably, an audio specialist) and a sample of
voice-over work from the past projects and secure the authorization from
the narrator on behalf of UNESCO by using the consent form;
13. Suggest a choice of background music to UNESCO and obtain necessary
usage rights on the final choice (Grant of Rights form to be provided by
UNESCO);
14. Include the UNESCO video outro: https://trello.com/c/ieHy4KQR/74english if UNESCO is the only party involved in the project;
15. Ensure that the video is in full compliance with the international copyrights
policy to avoid any illegal consequence as outline in the ‘general terms
and conditions’ which annexed in this contract;
16. Submit the first round of the courses, scripts and videos in HD and SD
format to UNESCO for review and feedback;
17. Submit ready-to-publish course booklet and MP4 file (HD and SD format),
and the editable source/master file (including video graphic files) of videos
for archiving; and
18. The technical specifications for videos must be as follows:
• Ratio: 1280x720, 720p
• Deinterlacing: YES
• Codec: H.264 / AAC
• Frame Rate: 24 - 30fps
• Image sequence: PNG, JPEG, GIF, DPX, OpenEXR, TIFF or Targa
• Video format: MOV, MP4
• Web Video (social media): H.264 of different frame sizes with various
resolutions for Facebook, Vimeo, YouTube, X (formally known as Twitter)

III.

Deliverables and Timeline:

All deliverables to be submitted in Myanmar language with original, editable files
(e.g. MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MOV, MP4 etc.) to UNESCO by the following
deadlines:

1. The outline of Local Curriculum, Life Skills and Art (Primary and Middle for
each subject) to UNESCO for reviewing; on or before [7 days from the
contract start date];
2. The draft e-learning course materials of Local Curriculum, Life Skills and Art
(Primary and Middle for each subject) to UNESCO for review on or before
[approximately 30 days after submitting deliverable 1];
3. Finalized e-learning course materials of Local Curriculum, Life Skills and Art
(Primary and Middle for each subject) to the UNESCO for review on or
before [approximately 17 days after submitting deliverable 2];

-5-

4. The outline of ICT, Morality and Civics, Physical Education (Primary and
Middle for each subject) to UNESCO for reviewing on or before
[approximately 7 days after submitting deliverable 3];
5. The draft e-learning course materials of ICT, Morality and Civics, Physical
Education (Primary and Middle for each subject) to UNESCO for reviewing
on or before [approximately 30 days after submitting deliverable 4];
6. Finalized e-learning course materials of ICT, Morality and Civics, Physical
Education (Primary and Middle for each subject) to UNESCO for review on
or before [approximately 17 days after submitting deliverable 5]
The contract shall end on 30 November 2025.
The purpose of this notice is to provide general information on the requirements for
the call for proposal and to inform interested organizations how to obtain a copy of
the Solicitation Documents.
Interested organizations who wish to participate in the OIC must request for a
complete set of Solicitation Documents available free of charge from UNESCO
contact person at the address shown below.
Your electronic offer, composed of a technical and a financial proposal in
separated electronic files, in accordance with instructions in the Solicitation
Document, should reach the following address no later than 14 July 2025 16:00
hours, Yangon, Myanmar time without any copy to any other e-mail addresses.
Offers addressed to any other e-mail accounts will be disqualified - (File size
maximum 10 MB).
UNESCO reserves the right to amend the documents at any time during the
solicitation process. Any amendments or clarifications will be communicated directly
to all Bidders who have requested for a complete set of solicitation documents and
officially confirmed their intention to submit a sealed tender. No remuneration will be
made to companies for preparation and submission of their tenders.
UNESCO Contact Information:
UNESCO Regional Office in Bangkok (E-mail: procurement.bgk@unesco.org

